hey guys what's up and welcome back to
my channel
i know it's been a minute i haven't made
a video for you guys in a few weeks
and that's just because i just kind of
took a little break from social media
or i should say youtube you guys know i
released a video every single week for
pretty much all of 2020 there were like
a few weeks i missed but i just needed a
second to like
restore step back and now that we're in
the new year happy new year
i am very excited about the content that
i want to bring you guys the value the
education i want to bring you guys this
year
and i will be making more videos as to
what's ahead but just get excited
and the purpose of today's video is to
unbox
a package that came from short story now
they did gift me this box
i have not opened it yet because i
wanted it to be my real
first impressions with you guys here and
i'll tell you more about what this is
basically it's a petite clothing wear
subscription box we will get there but a
couple announcements before we do
so if you did my free fitness holiday
challenge you're on
you would have finished it by the time
you guys see this video but i just want
to say
congratulations if you did well in 12
challenge it was 12 days
of health and fitness and fun and you
guys absolutely crushed it
i hope that you really enjoyed it and
that leads me to my next
announcement which is that we will be
accepting new clients into the petite
power program which is our 12-week
online fitness and nutrition program for
petite women on
january 15th i cannot wait to work with
you guys this is usually our
most exciting biggest funnest group just
because so many people like to start
their
health journeys or restart their health
journeys in the
new year we cannot wait to work with you
guys just stay tuned
for more information on that if you're
interested in joining but you have a few
questions you can book a call with me on
my website
you can also join the wait list to be
notified when to sign up below
we have over 2 000 women on the wait
list so if you're really interested i
encourage you
to get on that wait list and then join
the day that you get the email that we
are accepting your clients
that will ensure that you get the seat
and like i said if you have questions
just book a call with me i will be me on
the phone and we'll chat about your
health goals
it's a non-commitment call just to see
if it would be a good fit for you
see if we can help you and support you
in your weight loss goals or your toning
up goals or just your general health
goals in 2021.
okay so now that we got that out of the
way back to
the short story box i'm just going to
read you guys some
stuff that is on their website so you
can see what they're all about
so it says curated styles for the modern
petite woman
forget diy hems or the kids farm it will
help you find the perfect fit
so i'm pretty pumped for this as you
guys know
obviously shopping as petite women is
not always the best time right
i hate having things if you guys know me
you know that i do not get things
happened like it has to fit me i don't
have time i don't have patience to go
get stuffed so i'm really excited to see
what they curated
and as far as the process went it was
pretty cool they had me just fill out
this
really extensive survey it had like all
my style preferences
and like what i like to wear and i gave
them a lot of just detailed information
about my style i attached like a
pinterest board so they could see what
clothes i like
and they hand selected five items for me
to try on so we are gonna unbox this
together and then i'll try on the pieces
after we take a look at them do like
initial impressions
and yeah i'm really excited to unbox
this with you guys today
okay like i said i haven't opened this
however i did
just cut the seal down here so i
wouldn't have to do it
right now but as you guys can see i have
oh
i have not actually like unpackaged
anything anything so this will be
my true first impressions which is fun i
feel like i've actually never done
a true unboxing video with you guys this
is kind of cool so
um here's what came in the box a whole
bunch of stuff
this is a referral a referral card i
guess
it says how it works try on everything
you have five days to decide what to
keep if you need an extension just email
us make your selections
so i guess you pick the items you like
and then you can return it and you don't
and wow this is cool okay you guys they
put pictures of what they hand selected
for me and they
put my name in it says dear april
welcome to short story i'm excited to
get to know you and your style
um i know closed shopping can be
challenging for petite women so i'm here
to make the process easy easier with
petite specific fits
attune to your fashion sense to keep
kick things off i just had to include an
adorable workout set for you
she knows she knows rock a two-toned
violet look by
pairing the performance crop with the
active zip up jacket i'm very excited to
see it
bonus these pieces are sustainable too
that's a huge bonus in my book
also i pulled versatile casual pieces
that are super easy to mix and match if
you're looking to go dressy casual for
the holidays
start with the pinell penelope yeah
bodysuit and petite bridget jeans oh we
got jeans
from there pop on heel ankle boots
layered necklaces and a long coat to
finish
the look happy fitting best kayla this
is exciting guys that is a very nice
personal touch
so yeah she just outlined everything
that's in the box so i'm excited to see
it they attached a measurement it says
i guess you can update your measurements
on their website which is pretty cool i
already know my measurements because i
take them for tracking progress and
whatnot you guys
you guys know and we are wrapping it
all right i'm just gonna go through each
piece one by one so this is the first
thing
that's up here it says petite principle
i guess they source it from yeah
different brands that's cool
this is a bodysuit which i do like i'm
basically wearing a bodysuit right now i
love bodysuits i love that it's long
sleeve i really like long sleeve things
this is pretty i also like that it's
kind of like open in the front
hopefully it's tight enough on me that i
don't
need like boob tape um and it has
buttons at the bottom so i cannot wait
to try this on and of course i'm going
to try all this on for you guys i just
let's just get like a first
look and see what's inside okay next up
this is from see the shades and
this is very pretty this is i guess a
sweater
dress it's funny it's actually just
shopping for one of these and i didn't
buy one because
you guys know if you go to buy a sweater
dress online you're like this is gonna
be
like a gown on me like i'm gonna swim in
it but this one looks
like it's gonna fit we'll find out oh
now we're getting into the workout stuff
this is fun i didn't even know they had
workout stuff um wow this is really nice
this is like a cropped this the fabric
is
feels super high quality it feels like
lululemon um i love that it has sort of
a neck like a
caught like a collar it's kind of a
cropped fit and the back is really
pretty i don't know if you guys can see
the detail it has like this clear
kind of mesh it's a mesh material very
much my style
so far i really like these pieces and
these are genuinely things that i would
pick out in a store and i'm kind of
shocked i'm kind of shocked to be honest
and then this okay this is interesting
this is from
this looks like it it might be a little
big on me to be honest
usually when i wear things like this it
needs to be a little bit smaller but
let's wait and see um i would say so far
this is my least favorite thing but
i'm not going to rule it out yet because
you never really know to try things on
um and i might try this on like it feels
nice okay and then lastly we have
these high-rise jeans from liverpool
la wow they actually look like they're
gonna fit
they like look really short i love
skinny high-rise jeans
that's i'm wearing some right now
actually from top chocolatite
they are the jamie jeans they're my
favorites maybe these will be a new
favorite i have no
dark jeans but so this is great and
i hope that they fit they look like they
will they're stretchy
i'm excited all right so i'm gonna go
let's just
we'll try them on one by one i'll start
with the i don't know what i'll start
with it'll be a surprise
but i'm gonna go change and i'll be back
okay so
this is the first item it's like this
purple um bodysuit and
i think it's very cute not only does it
fit perfectly which is awesome but
it's super comfortable and this is
something i would absolutely wear
i can't wait to add this to my closet
okay this was the piece
i was unsure of it's it fits me that's
really cool the fact that it fits me i
think that's like the whole point of the
subscription box right
um and i'll just i'll show you guys what
it looks like it has this like pretty
lace in the back i would just say though
like so first of all
the padding is like crazy i actually
think i'm gonna go take the padding out
and see if it like is a little bit less
um let me try that first and then
comfortable i'll give you my thoughts in
a sec let me just one sec
okay i just took out the pads i think
it's a bit better like it feels better
the pads are really thick but the pads
are whatever you don't buy a piece of
clothes for the pads obviously
i would say this is not my style just
because i don't like super like
girly lacey sport clothes i like like
really sporty stuff like
a lot like stripes and like just more
athletic stuff so overall
i love the fit i don't love the style
but
i i do appreciate it actually fits me so
well and i will say this was the only
piece in the box that i was like
about and it actually isn't big on me
which is pretty cool so uh let's move on
to the next item oh my gosh you guys
they nailed it with this one this is so
cute i love it first of all it has like
these cute
like finger holes and it fits me
perfectly
um i love that it's cropped like all i i
wear just
cropped stuff and high-waisted bottoms
like that's my uniform like i don't
really care
really what color it is i don't love
patterns but i don't care
like what it is but if it's cropped at
the top
and it's high-waisted bottoms like i'm
happy i love this i think it's
super cute i think it's like all right
you guys i think we've like
actually as i was trying this on and
looking in the mirror and think about
how much i liked it i was like man
hit the jackpot with this one um i want
to go on their site now and like order a
whole other box like i
i really really like this service and as
i thought that in my head i was like
okay well i need to tell you guys
they didn't pay me to do this this was
like they just sent me a free box so i
this is my true opinion i love this
dress
it's really really flattering it has
like it has
like a lot the dress is like stitched
here and it overlaps i don't know if
that makes sense but
it's very comfortable it's very
flattering
it fits really well and it's really hard
for me to find sweater dresses so i just
really appreciate that they threw this
in there
it's very neat it's very like comfy
cashy cashy that's not a thing
comfy cash and yeah i'm just i
i want to order another box of them
right now like besides obviously that
wine and we still have jeans to try
on i already like those pieces that i've
tried on
so much i'm i'm just like this is a
great service and
i have tried subscription boxes before
and
not had luck with them they weren't
petite ones i think that's why
but also i didn't like the styling of
those other subscription boxes whereas
i feel like they really got my style
with these pieces so
that is really awesome i'm i don't know
let me know let me
know what you guys think so far in the
comments like do you like this stuff on
me do you think it fits well
i really like this piece this is this is
very exciting this is very neat i really
like it i don't know if i said
i really like it i feel like you guys
couldn't really see but i can't bring
that other camera in my bedroom because
it's too the lens it you have to be far
away from it
um so i just wanted to show you guys
what it looks like in
here it's just the perfect length and
you can see it now like the stitching
here
um overlaps and it's kind of like you
know what i'm saying like bunched
together
um but yeah it's like the perfect length
wow i'm just really
i'm really in love with this one we are
on the final item
on my tippy toes again which are these
jeans and
i have to say i'm gonna show you guys
more detail in a second
i really like them they're just a size
too big they're like a little bit
there's like a good
four inches too big okay here we are
back in the bedroom
um these are very nice like first of all
what
like when has this ever happened so the
length
like nailed it um it's just they're a
little too big on me
unfortunately these are i think a 26 i'm
a 25
so they're just a little too big however
if these were
also the bum it's very cute i just like
these these are great um
if they fit me like if they were
actually my size i would keep them
and then i would end up keeping four out
of five things
in the subscription box um but i'm gonna
have to return them just because they
are just like a little bit too big i
don't know you guys think they're too
big i know it's hard to tell
they just like feel i could probably
belt them up
but they just kind of feel a little i
don't know maybe i have to think about
these
maybe i'll have to should i belt them up
i need your opinion let me know
do these look too big like there's this
much
oh that's kind of a lot there's like
this much space
let me know what you guys think in the
comments and i'm gonna go back to the
other room to finish off this video but
um just wanted to show you guys like how
awesome these are
in terms of like actual length for
petite women all right you guys
that sums up all the items that were in
the box thank you for
watching this with me and doing this
this was really fun overall
i am very impressed with this brand i
think that they got
they have really high quality clothing
um they listen to my
style consultation and everything
fit me in terms of like it like it fit
me well like it was taylor it felt
tailor made
i just obviously need a slightly smaller
size in the jeans
and i didn't love that one lacy piece
but
i also it fit me perfectly so i can't
really complain there
overall i am really excited to check out
this brand more i'm probably going to do
a couple more boxes with them on my own
penny i just this makes life easier it's
awesome
um so yeah let me know what you guys
think of this below if you've heard of
them before if you tried them if you
liked their stuff it's pretty exciting
for
us short petite women also let me know
if you guys want to see more
petite fashion content on this channel i
know this is a health and fitness
channel for petite women
but obviously being petite very much the
topic is
a lot of times around clothing so if you
want more content on that let me know
and lastly remember you guys we are
opening up the doors to our
12 week coaching program online january
15th we only open the doors and take new
clients about four times a year so if
you want to get the best
shape of your life this year and you
want a group of strong petite women
dietitians coaches personal trainers
that are petite and get you and
understand your metabolism and all the
unique things about you then our program
is definitely going to be a great fit
for you we will help you achieve your
goals help you lose fat help you tone up
just join the wait list below to be the
first to be notified and you'll get
discounts and any promotions we have
going on when we actually open up
the doors to join and other than that
you guys i can't wait for this year with
you guys
i'm really excited to kind of switch up
the content on this channel
and you'll see more of that later really
exciting stuff so
stay tuned and i will see you guys next
week
bye
[Music]
you